docs: added abi-wan integration usage example (#722)
0xs34n/starknet.js: www/docs/guides/automatic_cairo_ABI_parsing.md

---
sidebar_position: 18
---

# Automatic TypeScript parsing of Cairo ABI-s

Starknet.js has integrated [Abi-Wan-Kanabi](https://github.com/keep-starknet-strange/abi-wan-kanabi), the standalone TypeScript parser for Cairo smart contracts.

> It enables on-the-fly typechecking and autocompletion for contracts call directly in typescript. Developers can now catch typing mistakes early, prior to executing the call on-chain, and thus enhancing the overall Dapp development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It enables on-the-fly typechecking and autocompletion for contract calls directly in TypeScript. Developers can now catch typing mistakes early, prior to executing a call on-chain, thus enhancing the overall DAPP development experience.
```

## Usage

First, you need to wrap your ABI in a array and export it as a `const`.

Example:

```js
export const tAbi = [
  {
    type: 'function',
    name: 'increase_balance',
    inputs: [
      {
        name: 'amount',
        type: 'core::felt252',
      },
    ],
    outputs: [],
    state_mutability: 'external',
  },
] as const;
```

Usage in our code:

```js
import { tAbi } from '../__mocks__/hello';
import { TypedContract } from '../src';

> let cairo1Contract: TypedContract<typeof tAbi>; // tAbi is your Cairo contract ABI

Author: [53cce20](https://github.com/0xs34n/starknet.js/pull/722/commits/53cce20161443d2b1c2b845ac5fce2235ec767d5)
